#+BRAIN_PARENTS: index

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_crowns

---

=Crown of Life=

The Crown of Life, also called the Martyr's
Crown, is referred to in James 1:12 and
Revelation 2:10; it is bestowed upon "those
who persevere under trials." Jesus references
this crown when he tells the Church in Smyrna
to "not be afraid of what you are about to
suffer...

Be faithful even to the point of death, and I
will give you the crown of life."

---

=Incorruptible Crown=

The Incorruptible Crown is also known as the
Imperishable Crown, and is referenced in 1
Corinthians 9:25.

This epistle, written by Paul of Tarsus, deems
this crown "imperishable" in order "to
contrast it with the temporal awards Paul's
contemporaries pursued".

It is therefore given to those individuals who
demonstrate "self-denial and perseverance".

---

=Crown of Righteousness=

The Crown of Righteousness is mentioned in 2
Timothy 4:8, and is promised to "those who
love and anticipate" the Second Coming of
Christ.

These Christians desire intimacy with God.

---

=Crown of Glory=

The Crown of Glory is discussed in 1 Peter 5:4
and is granted to Christian clergy, who
"shepherd the flock in unselfish love being a
good example to others" 1 Peter 5:2â€“4.

---

=Crown of Rejoicing=

The Crown of Rejoicing is also known as the
Crown of Exultation, or Crown of Auxiliary.

Delineated in 1 Thessalonians 2:19 and
Philippians 4:1, it is given to people who
engage in evangelism of those outside the
Christian Church.

In the New Testament, Paul earns this crown
after winning the Thessalonians to faith in
Jesus.

